---
title: 5th International Radar Aeroecology Conference & Workshop
background: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1468436385273-8abca6dfd8d3?q=80&w=2810&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.1.0&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D
description: June 24-26, 2026 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
permalink: /irac-2026/
toc: true
---

The **5th International Radar Aeroecology Conference (IRAC 2026)** will be held in Amsterdam on June 24-26, 2026. The conference will cover the latest international developments relevant to the use of different types of radars to monitor and understand flying animals. A **workshop** will take place before the conference on 22-23 June. This is a 2-day training in the use of radar for applications in aeroecology.

{:.alert .alert-info}
All conference updates will be communicated via the [Radar Aeroecology mailing list](https://groups.google.com/g/radar-aeroecology). Please sign up to get notifications. [Contact us](irac2026@uva.nl) if you cannot sign up to Google Groups.

## Abstract submission

You can now submit an abstract for an oral presentation or poster at the conference. Abstracts will be reviewed by the scientific committee and you will be informed whether your abstract was accepted. We will not publish conference proceedings, but accepted abstracts will be published on this conference website.

**Submission deadline: xx xx 2026**

[Submit your abstract](https://forms.gle/1whd8Q5Kga73AU2F6){:.btn .btn-primary}

<!-- Thematic sessions -->

<!-- Keynote speakers -->

<!-- Sponsors -->

<!--
## Programme

### Monday, June 22

### Tuesday, June 23

### Wednesday, June 24

### Thursday, June 25

### Friday, June 26
-->

<!-- Posters -->

<!-- Abstracts -->

<!-- Venue, travel and accommodation -->

## Contact

Please contact us <irac2026@uva.nl> with any questions that you may have regarding the conference, incl. your abstract submission, (informal) events you might want to organize (e.g. round-table discussions), etc.

**Scientific committee**: Bart Kranstauber, Birgen Haest, Eva Knop, Isabel Metz, Nadja Weisshaupt and Jeff Kelly.

**Organizing committee**: Judy Shamoun-Baranes, Elske Tielens, Peter Desmet, Cecilia Nilsson and Bart Hoekstra.

**Aeroecology workshop coordinator**: Kyle Horton

## Code of conduct

Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.

If you are being harassed or witnessed something inappropriate, would like to file a complaint, or have other concerns about the safety of participants, please do not hesitate to contact us at <irac2026@uva.nl> or anyone from the organizing committee.
